English;Esperanto;EN-EO Basics
angle      ;angulo
ant        ;formiko
apple      ;pomo
arch       ;arko
arm        ;brako
army       ;militistaro
baby       ;bebo
bag        ;sako
ball       ;pilko
basin      ;baseno
basket     ;korbo
bath       ;banujo
bed        ;lito
bee        ;abelo
bell       ;sonorilo
berry      ;bero
bird       ;birdo
blade      ;klingo
board      ;tabulo
boat       ;boato
bone       ;osto
book       ;libro
boot       ;boto
bottle     ;botelo
box        ;skatolo
boy        ;knabo
brain      ;cerbo
brake      ;bremson
branch     ;branĉo
brick      ;briko
bridge     ;ponto
brush      ;peniko
bucket     ;sitelon
bulb       ;bulbo
button     ;butono
cake       ;kuko
camera     ;fotilo
card       ;karto
cart       ;ĉaro
carriage   ;kaleŝo
cat        ;kato
chain      ;ĉeno
cheese     ;fromaĝo
chest      ;brusto
chin       ;mentono
church     ;preĝejo
circle     ;cirklo
clock      ;horloĝo
cloud      ;nubo
coat       ;mantelo
collar     ;kolumo
comb       ;kombilo
cord       ;ŝnureto
cow        ;bovino
cup        ;taso
curtain    ;kurtenon
cushion    ;kuseno
dog        ;hundo
door       ;pordo
drain      ;malplenigi
drawer     ;tirkesto
dress      ;robo
drop       ;faligi
ear        ;orelon
egg        ;ovo
engine     ;motoro
eye        ;okulo
face       ;vizaĝo
farm       ;bienon
feather    ;plumo
finger     ;fingro
fish       ;fiŝo
flag       ;flago
floor      ;etaĝon
fly        ;flugi
foot       ;piedo
fork       ;forkon
fowl       ;birdoj
frame      ;kadro
garden     ;ĝardeno
girl       ;knabino
glove      ;ganto
goat       ;kapro
gun        ;pafilo
hair       ;haroj
hammer     ;martelo
hand       ;mano
hat        ;ĉapelo
head       ;kapon
heart      ;koro
hook       ;hoko
horn       ;korno
horse      ;ĉevalo
hospital   ;malsanulejo
house      ;domo
island     ;insulo
jewel      ;juvelon
kettle     ;kaldrono
key        ;ŝlosilo
knee       ;genuo
knife      ;tranĉilo
knot       ;nodon
leaf       ;folio
leg        ;kruro
library    ;biblioteko
line       ;linio
lip        ;lipo
lock       ;ŝlosi
map        ;mapo
match      ;matĉo
monkey     ;simio
moon       ;luno
mouth      ;buŝo
muscle     ;muskolo
nail       ;najlon
neck       ;kolon
needle     ;kudrilo
nerve      ;nervo
net        ;reto
nose       ;nazon
nut        ;nukso
office     ;oficejo
orange     ;oranĝo
oven       ;forno
parcel     ;pakaĵo
pen        ;plumo
pencil     ;krajono
picture    ;bildo
pig        ;porko
pin        ;pinglo
pipe       ;pipo
plane      ;aviadilon
plate      ;plado
plow       ;plugilo
pocket     ;poŝo
pot        ;poto
potato     ;terpomon
prison     ;malliberejo
pump       ;pumpilo
rail       ;relo
rat        ;rato
receipt    ;kvitanco
ring       ;ringo
rod        ;vergo
roof       ;tegmento
root       ;radikon
sail       ;velon
school     ;lernejo
scissors   ;tondilo
screw      ;ŝraŭbo
seed       ;semo
sheep      ;ŝafo
shelf      ;breto
ship       ;ŝipo
shirt      ;ĉemizo
shoe       ;ŝuo
skin       ;haŭto
skirt      ;jupo
snake      ;serpenton
sock       ;ŝtrumpeto
spade      ;fosilon
sponge     ;spongon
spoon      ;kulero
spring     ;printempa
square     ;kvadrato
stamp      ;poŝtmarkoj
star       ;stelo
station    ;stacio
stem       ;tigo
stick      ;bastono
stocking   ;ŝtrumpo
stomach    ;stomako
store      ;vendejo
street     ;strato
sun        ;sunon
table      ;tablo
tail       ;vosto
thread     ;fadeno
throat     ;gorĝo
thumb      ;dikfingro
ticket     ;bileto
toe        ;piedfingro
tongue     ;lingvon
tooth      ;denton
town       ;urbeto
train      ;trajno
tray       ;pleto
tree       ;arbo
trousers   ;pantalono
umbrella   ;ombrelo
wall       ;muro
watch      ;spekti
wheel      ;rado
whip       ;vipo
whistle    ;fajfilo
window     ;fenestro
wing       ;flugilo
wire       ;drato
worm       ;vermo