English;Spanish;EN-ES Basics
angle      ;ángulo
ant        ;hormiga
apple      ;manzana
arch       ;arco
arm        ;brazo
army       ;Ejército
baby       ;bebé
bag        ;bolso
ball       ;pelota
basin      ;cuenca
basket     ;cesta
bath       ;bañera
bed        ;cama
bee        ;abeja
bell       ;campana
berry      ;baya
bird       ;pájaro
blade      ;espada
board      ;tablero
boat       ;barco
bone       ;hueso
book       ;libro
boot       ;bota
bottle     ;botella
box        ;caja
boy        ;chico
brain      ;cerebro
brake      ;freno
branch     ;rama
brick      ;ladrillo
bridge     ;puente
brush      ;cepillo
bucket     ;cangilón
bulb       ;bulbo
button     ;botón
cake       ;pastel
camera     ;cámara
card       ;tarjeta
cart       ;carro
carriage   ;carro
cat        ;gato
chain      ;cadena
cheese     ;queso
chest      ;pecho
chin       ;barbilla
church     ;Iglesia
circle     ;circulo
clock      ;reloj
cloud      ;nube
coat       ;capa
collar     ;collar
comb       ;peine
cord       ;cable
cow        ;vaca
cup        ;vaso
curtain    ;cortina
cushion    ;amortiguar
dog        ;perro
door       ;puerta
drain      ;desagüe
drawer     ;cajón
dress      ;vestir
drop       ;soltar
ear        ;oreja
egg        ;huevo
engine     ;motor
eye        ;ojo
face       ;cara
farm       ;granja
feather    ;pluma
finger     ;dedo
fish       ;pescado
flag       ;bandera
floor      ;piso
fly        ;mosca
foot       ;pie
fork       ;tenedor
fowl       ;ave
frame      ;marco
garden     ;jardín
girl       ;niña
glove      ;guante
goat       ;cabra
gun        ;pistola
hair       ;cabello
hammer     ;martillo
hand       ;mano
hat        ;sombrero
head       ;cabeza
heart      ;corazón
hook       ;gancho
horn       ;cuerno
horse      ;caballo
hospital   ;hospital
house      ;casa
island     ;isla
jewel      ;joya
kettle     ;tetera
key        ;llave
knee       ;rodilla
knife      ;cuchillo
knot       ;nudo
leaf       ;hoja
leg        ;pierna
library    ;biblioteca
line       ;línea
lip        ;labio
lock       ;bloquear
map        ;mapa
match      ;partido
monkey     ;mono
moon       ;Luna
mouth      ;boca
muscle     ;músculo
nail       ;uña
neck       ;cuello
needle     ;aguja
nerve      ;nervio
net        ;red
nose       ;nariz
nut        ;nuez
office     ;oficina
orange     ;naranja
oven       ;horno
parcel     ;paquete
pen        ;bolígrafo
pencil     ;lápiz
picture    ;imagen
pig        ;cerdo
pin        ;alfiler
pipe       ;tubo
plane      ;avión
plate      ;plato
plow       ;arado
pocket     ;bolsillo
pot        ;maceta
potato     ;patata
prison     ;prisión
pump       ;bomba
rail       ;carril
rat        ;rata
receipt    ;recibo
ring       ;anillo
rod        ;barra
roof       ;techo
root       ;raíz
sail       ;vela
school     ;colegio
scissors   ;tijeras
screw      ;tornillo
seed       ;semilla
sheep      ;oveja
shelf      ;estante
ship       ;enviar
shirt      ;camisa
shoe       ;zapato
skin       ;piel
skirt      ;falda
snake      ;serpiente
sock       ;calcetín
spade      ;pala
sponge     ;esponja
spoon      ;cuchara
spring     ;primavera
square     ;cuadrado
stamp      ;sello
star       ;estrella
station    ;estación
stem       ;vástago
stick      ;palo
stocking   ;media
stomach    ;estómago
store      ;almacenar
street     ;calle
sun        ;sol
table      ;mesa
tail       ;cola
thread     ;hilo
throat     ;garganta
thumb      ;pulgar
ticket     ;boleto
toe        ;dedo del pie
tongue     ;lengua
tooth      ;diente
town       ;pueblo
train      ;tren
tray       ;bandeja
tree       ;árbol
trousers   ;pantalones
umbrella   ;paraguas
wall       ;pared
watch      ;reloj
wheel      ;rueda
whip       ;látigo
whistle    ;silbar
window     ;ventana
wing       ;ala
wire       ;cable
worm       ;gusano